This program contains the followings methods:

Polynomial(size_t degree).
Creates a polynomial of degree degree, dynamically allocates an array of size degree + 1 and sets the coefficients to 0.0

Polynomial(size_t degree, const float* coefficients).
Creates a polynomial of degree degree and with the values of the coefficients in the coefficients array

Polynomial(const Polynomial& other).
Copy constructor, creates a deep copy of the other polynomial.

~Polynomial.
Destructor, deallocates the allocated memory.

const Polynomial Sum(const Polynomial& rhs)const.
Returns a polynomial that will contain the sum of this with rhs. Notice that this operation does not change this.

const Polynomial Subtract(const Polynomial& rhs)const.
Returns a polynomial that will contain the subtraction of this with rhs. Notice that this operation does not change this.

const Polynomial Minus()const.
Returns a polynomial that will contain the additive inverse of this. For instance if the polynomial is p = 2x^2 - 2, then p.Minus() would return -2x^2 + 2. Notice that this operation does not change this.

const Polynomial Multiply(const Polynomial& rhs)const.
Returns a polynomial that will contain the multiplication of this with rhs. Notice that this operation does not change this.

const Polynomial Divide(const Polynomial& rhs)const.
EXTRA CREDIT. Returns a polynomial that will contain the division of this with rhs. Notice that this operation does not change this. The reminder is lost if there was one.

const Polynomial Derive()const.
Returns a polynomial that will contain the derivative of this. Notice that this operation does not change this.

float Evaluate(float x)const.
Returns the value of evaluating the polynomial with value x. Notice that this operation does not change this.

float Integrate(float a, float b)const.
Returns the value of the definite integral evaluated from a to b. Notice that this operation does not change this.

const Polynomial& operator=(const Polynomial& rhs).
Assigns the polynomial rhs to this.

string ToString()const.
Returns a string representation of the polynomial.

bool Equals(const Polynomial& rhs)const.
Returns true if this is equal to rhs.

ostream& Write(ostream& output)const.
Writes a polynomial from the output stream.

istream& Read(istream& input).
Reads a polynomial from the input stream.